README.md, before:

# 💻 Dotfiles 💻

### First of all, take a look at the github-generated summary

> [!WARNING]
> Note that this only works with 64-bit computers

> [!NOTE]
> Not tested on windows 10

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Install Powershell 7 using `winget install Microsoft.PowerShell`





<details><summary>Install scoop first! (if you don't have it)</summary>
    
```pwsh
Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
Invoke-RestMethod -Uri https://get.scoop.sh | Invoke-Expression
```
>This will add scoop to your computer + PATH
</details>

Install git with `scoop install git` (If you don't have it!)


Making things simple, clone the repo and enter on it's folder. To do so, do the following:
```pwsh
git clone https://github.com/LUISMAGAIVER341/---Dotfiles--- --depth 1
#Let's cd on it for making it easier!
cd ---Dotfiles---
```

Install the apps needed (Plus fonts and other stuff that we will set up!)
```pwsh
scoop import ./Scoopfile.json
```

(The Scoopfile contains also vscode, obs-studio, git, rustup, go and other stuff. If you have obs and vscode, you can remove it from Scoopfile or uninstalling from your system before)

# 🎚️ CAVA installation 🎚️
### Download [CAVA](https://github.com/karlstav/cava/releases) (cava_win.zip)
### Copy everything inside the `cava_win.zip` file and add it to your [`PATH`](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb9e3m98avk&pp=0gcJCfwAo7VqN5tD) (click on it to see a tutorial!)


This repository is basically my `.config` under my `User` directory so you can just copy it to your `~/.config` folder.
```pwsh
cd ~ #Just in case you aren't
mkdir .config #Just in case it doesn't exist
copy <PATH/TO/THIS/REPO>/* .config/
```
Ok! Next, we need to install oh-my-posh and for so, `winget install JanDeDobbeleer.OhMyPosh --source winget --scope user --force` (Force the ohmyposh instalation as User-Wide only)

We also need to modify pwsh's profile (aka `$PROFILE`)
```pwsh
#Add this to your $PROFILE
Show-ColorScript

oh-my-posh init pwsh --config ~/.config/devkid.yaml | Invoke-Expression
```

<details>
    <summary>In case $PROFILE doesn't exist:</summary>

```pwsh
if (-not (Test-Path $PROFILE)) {
    New-Item -Path $PROFILE -ItemType File -Force
}
```
</details>

Well, you realised the presence of `Show-ColorScript` but it isn't installed.
Let's do it!
```pwsh
Install-Module -Name ps-color-scripts -Scope CurrentUser
```

Next, we need to run the following on pwsh (may be as admin):
```pwsh
Set-ItemProperty 'HKLM:\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\FileSystem' -Name 'LongPathsEnabled' -Value 1
```


Cool! Next, let's configure the terminal!

Copy the following JSON for `~\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.WindowsTerminal_8wekyb3d8bbwe\LocalState\settings.json`
<details><summary>Expand this to see the JSON</summary>

```json

{
    "$help": "https://aka.ms/terminal-documentation",
    "$schema": "https://aka.ms/terminal-profiles-schema",
    "actions": [],
    "copyFormatting": "none",
    "copyOnSelect": false,
    "defaultProfile": "{574e775e-4f2a-5b96-ac1e-a2962a402336}",
    "keybindings": 
    [
        {
            "id": "Terminal.CopyToClipboard",
            "keys": "ctrl+c"
        },
        {
            "id": "Terminal.PasteFromClipboard",
            "keys": "ctrl+v"
        },
        {
            "id": "Terminal.DuplicatePaneAuto",
            "keys": "alt+shift+d"
        }
    ],
    "launchMode": "focus",
    "newTabMenu": 
    [
        {
            "type": "remainingProfiles"
        }
    ],
    "profiles": 
    {
        "defaults": 
        {
            "colorScheme": "Catppuccin Macchiato",
            "font": 
            {
                "face": "Cascadia Mono NF"
            },
            "opacity": 90,
            "scrollbarState": "visible",
            "useAcrylic": true
        },
        "list": 
        [
            {
                "commandline": "%SystemRoot%\\System32\\WindowsPowerShell\\v1.0\\powershell.exe",
                "guid": "{61c54bbd-c2c6-5271-96e7-009a87ff44bf}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Windows PowerShell"
            },
            {
                "commandline": "%SystemRoot%\\System32\\cmd.exe",
                "guid": "{0caa0dad-35be-5f56-a8ff-afceeeaa6101}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Prompt de comando"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{b453ae62-4e3d-5e58-b989-0a998ec441b8}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Azure Cloud Shell",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.Azure"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{574e775e-4f2a-5b96-ac1e-a2962a402336}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "PowerShell",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.PowershellCore"
            }
        ]
    },
    "schemes": 
    [
        {
            "background": "#EFF1F5",
            "black": "#5C5F77",
            "blue": "#1E66F5",
            "brightBlack": "#ACB0BE",
            "brightBlue": "#1E66F5",
            "brightCyan": "#179299",
            "brightGreen": "#40A02B",
            "brightPurple": "#EA76CB",
            "brightRed": "#D20F39",
            "brightWhite": "#BCC0CC",
            "brightYellow": "#DF8E1D",
            "cursorColor": "#DC8A78",
            "cyan": "#179299",
            "foreground": "#4C4F69",
            "green": "#40A02B",
            "name": "Catppuccin Latte",
            "purple": "#EA76CB",
            "red": "#D20F39",
            "selectionBackground": "#ACB0BE",
            "white": "#ACB0BE",
            "yellow": "#DF8E1D"
        },
        {
            "background": "#24273A",
            "black": "#494D64",
            "blue": "#8AADF4",
            "brightBlack": "#5B6078",
            "brightBlue": "#8AADF4",
            "brightCyan": "#8BD5CA",
            "brightGreen": "#A6DA95",
            "brightPurple": "#F5BDE6",
            "brightRed": "#ED8796",
            "brightWhite": "#A5ADCB",
            "brightYellow": "#EED49F",
            "cursorColor": "#F4DBD6",
            "cyan": "#8BD5CA",
            "foreground": "#CAD3F5",
            "green": "#A6DA95",
            "name": "Catppuccin Macchiato",
            "purple": "#F5BDE6",
            "red": "#ED8796",
            "selectionBackground": "#5B6078",
            "white": "#B8C0E0",
            "yellow": "#EED49F"
        }
    ],
    "themes": []
}
```
</details>


Now, let's config vscode!
Install the following extensions: [CNT](vscode:extension/AlexDauenhauer.catppuccin-noctis), [Custom UI Style](vscode:extension/subframe7536.custom-ui-style), [ruff](vscode:extension/charliermarsh.ruff) and [prettier](vscode:extension/esbenp.prettier-vscode)

Then, on vscode, `Ctrl+Shift+P`, and run the `Preferences: Open User Settings (JSON)` command.
Then, paste the following JSON: 
<details><summary>Vscode JSON</summary>

```json
{
    "workbench.colorTheme": "Catppuccin Noctis Mocha",
    "tabnine.experimentalAutoImports": true,
    "workbench.settings.applyToAllProfiles": [


    ],
    "editor.bracketPairColorization.enabled": true,
    "editor.guides.bracketPairs": "active",
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode",
  "[javascript]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
  },
  "ruff.nativeServer": "on",
  "[python]": {
    "editor.formatOnSave": true,
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "charliermarsh.ruff"
  },
  "workbench.productIconTheme": "fluent-icons",
  "workbench.iconTheme": "charmed-warm",
  "workbench.tree.indent": 20,
  "workbench.activityBar.location": "hidden",
  "window.menuBarVisibility": "hidden",
    "window.customTitleBarVisibility": "auto",
    "window.titleBarStyle": "native",
    "custom-ui-style.electron": {
        "frame": false,
        "titleBarStyle": "hiddenInset"
    },
    "custom-ui-style.stylesheet": {
        ".container > .title": {
            "display": "none !important;"
        }
    },
    "terminal.integrated.fontFamily": "Cascadia Code NF",
    "editor.fontFamily": "Cascadia Code NF",
    "git.enableSmartCommit": true,
    "git.autofetch": true,

}
```

</details>

Plus,

Commit message:

Update README with UV install and window management tips
Added instructions for installing UV, setting up komorebi, and an optional script to hide window title bars using AutoHotkey. Included usage notes and cautions for the new features.

README.md, after:

# 💻 Dotfiles 💻

### First of all, take a look at the github-generated summary

> [!WARNING]
> Note that this only works with 64-bit computers

> [!NOTE]
> Not tested on windows 10

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Install Powershell 7 using `winget install Microsoft.PowerShell`





<details><summary>Install scoop first! (if you don't have it)</summary>
    
```pwsh
Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
Invoke-RestMethod -Uri https://get.scoop.sh | Invoke-Expression
```
>This will add scoop to your computer + PATH
</details>

Install git with `scoop install git` (If you don't have it!)


Making things simple, clone the repo and enter on it's folder. To do so, do the following:
```pwsh
git clone https://github.com/LUISMAGAIVER341/---Dotfiles--- --depth 1
#Let's cd on it for making it easier!
cd ---Dotfiles---
```

Install the apps needed (Plus fonts and other stuff that we will set up!)
```pwsh
scoop import ./Scoopfile.json
```

(The Scoopfile contains also vscode, obs-studio, git, rustup, go and other stuff. If you have obs and vscode, you can remove it from Scoopfile or uninstalling from your system before)

# 🎚️ CAVA installation 🎚️
### Download [CAVA](https://github.com/karlstav/cava/releases) (cava_win.zip)
### Copy everything inside the `cava_win.zip` file and add it to your [`PATH`](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb9e3m98avk&pp=0gcJCfwAo7VqN5tD) (click on it to see a tutorial!)


This repository is basically my `.config` under my `User` directory so you can just copy it to your `~/.config` folder.
```pwsh
cd ~ #Just in case you aren't
mkdir .config #Just in case it doesn't exist
copy <PATH/TO/THIS/REPO>/* .config/
```
Ok! Next, we need to install oh-my-posh and for so, `winget install JanDeDobbeleer.OhMyPosh --source winget --scope user --force` (Force the ohmyposh instalation as User-Wide only)

We also need to modify pwsh's profile (aka `$PROFILE`)
```pwsh
#Add this to your $PROFILE
Show-ColorScript

oh-my-posh init pwsh --config ~/.config/devkid.yaml | Invoke-Expression
```

<details>
    <summary>In case $PROFILE doesn't exist:</summary>

```pwsh
if (-not (Test-Path $PROFILE)) {
    New-Item -Path $PROFILE -ItemType File -Force
}
```
</details>

Well, you realised the presence of `Show-ColorScript` but it isn't installed.
Let's do it!
```pwsh
Install-Module -Name ps-color-scripts -Scope CurrentUser
```

Next, we need to run the following on pwsh (may be as admin):
```pwsh
Set-ItemProperty 'HKLM:\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\FileSystem' -Name 'LongPathsEnabled' -Value 1
```


Cool! Next, let's configure the terminal!

Copy the following JSON for `~\AppData\Local\Packages\Microsoft.WindowsTerminal_8wekyb3d8bbwe\LocalState\settings.json`
<details><summary>Expand this to see the JSON</summary>

```json

{
    "$help": "https://aka.ms/terminal-documentation",
    "$schema": "https://aka.ms/terminal-profiles-schema",
    "actions": [],
    "copyFormatting": "none",
    "copyOnSelect": false,
    "defaultProfile": "{574e775e-4f2a-5b96-ac1e-a2962a402336}",
    "keybindings": 
    [
        {
            "id": "Terminal.CopyToClipboard",
            "keys": "ctrl+c"
        },
        {
            "id": "Terminal.PasteFromClipboard",
            "keys": "ctrl+v"
        },
        {
            "id": "Terminal.DuplicatePaneAuto",
            "keys": "alt+shift+d"
        }
    ],
    "launchMode": "focus",
    "newTabMenu": 
    [
        {
            "type": "remainingProfiles"
        }
    ],
    "profiles": 
    {
        "defaults": 
        {
            "colorScheme": "Catppuccin Macchiato",
            "font": 
            {
                "face": "Cascadia Mono NF"
            },
            "opacity": 90,
            "scrollbarState": "visible",
            "useAcrylic": true
        },
        "list": 
        [
            {
                "commandline": "%SystemRoot%\\System32\\WindowsPowerShell\\v1.0\\powershell.exe",
                "guid": "{61c54bbd-c2c6-5271-96e7-009a87ff44bf}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Windows PowerShell"
            },
            {
                "commandline": "%SystemRoot%\\System32\\cmd.exe",
                "guid": "{0caa0dad-35be-5f56-a8ff-afceeeaa6101}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Prompt de comando"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{b453ae62-4e3d-5e58-b989-0a998ec441b8}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "Azure Cloud Shell",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.Azure"
            },
            {
                "guid": "{574e775e-4f2a-5b96-ac1e-a2962a402336}",
                "hidden": false,
                "name": "PowerShell",
                "source": "Windows.Terminal.PowershellCore"
            }
        ]
    },
    "schemes": 
    [
        {
            "background": "#EFF1F5",
            "black": "#5C5F77",
            "blue": "#1E66F5",
            "brightBlack": "#ACB0BE",
            "brightBlue": "#1E66F5",
            "brightCyan": "#179299",
            "brightGreen": "#40A02B",
            "brightPurple": "#EA76CB",
            "brightRed": "#D20F39",
            "brightWhite": "#BCC0CC",
            "brightYellow": "#DF8E1D",
            "cursorColor": "#DC8A78",
            "cyan": "#179299",
            "foreground": "#4C4F69",
            "green": "#40A02B",
            "name": "Catppuccin Latte",
            "purple": "#EA76CB",
            "red": "#D20F39",
            "selectionBackground": "#ACB0BE",
            "white": "#ACB0BE",
            "yellow": "#DF8E1D"
        },
        {
            "background": "#24273A",
            "black": "#494D64",
            "blue": "#8AADF4",
            "brightBlack": "#5B6078",
            "brightBlue": "#8AADF4",
            "brightCyan": "#8BD5CA",
            "brightGreen": "#A6DA95",
            "brightPurple": "#F5BDE6",
            "brightRed": "#ED8796",
            "brightWhite": "#A5ADCB",
            "brightYellow": "#EED49F",
            "cursorColor": "#F4DBD6",
            "cyan": "#8BD5CA",
            "foreground": "#CAD3F5",
            "green": "#A6DA95",
            "name": "Catppuccin Macchiato",
            "purple": "#F5BDE6",
            "red": "#ED8796",
            "selectionBackground": "#5B6078",
            "white": "#B8C0E0",
            "yellow": "#EED49F"
        }
    ],
    "themes": []
}
```
</details>


Now, let's config vscode!
Install the following extensions: [CNT](vscode:extension/AlexDauenhauer.catppuccin-noctis), [Custom UI Style](vscode:extension/subframe7536.custom-ui-style), [ruff](vscode:extension/charliermarsh.ruff) and [prettier](vscode:extension/esbenp.prettier-vscode)

Then, on vscode, `Ctrl+Shift+P`, and run the `Preferences: Open User Settings (JSON)` command.
Then, paste the following JSON: 
<details><summary>Vscode JSON</summary>

```json
{
    "workbench.colorTheme": "Catppuccin Noctis Mocha",
    "tabnine.experimentalAutoImports": true,
    "workbench.settings.applyToAllProfiles": [


    ],
    "editor.bracketPairColorization.enabled": true,
    "editor.guides.bracketPairs": "active",
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode",
  "[javascript]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
  },
  "ruff.nativeServer": "on",
  "[python]": {
    "editor.formatOnSave": true,
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "charliermarsh.ruff"
  },
  "workbench.productIconTheme": "fluent-icons",
  "workbench.iconTheme": "charmed-warm",
  "workbench.tree.indent": 20,
  "workbench.activityBar.location": "hidden",
  "window.menuBarVisibility": "hidden",
    "window.customTitleBarVisibility": "auto",
    "window.titleBarStyle": "native",
    "custom-ui-style.electron": {
        "frame": false,
        "titleBarStyle": "hiddenInset"
    },
    "custom-ui-style.stylesheet": {
        ".container > .title": {
            "display": "none !important;"
        }
    },
    "terminal.integrated.fontFamily": "Cascadia Code NF",
    "editor.fontFamily": "Cascadia Code NF",
    "git.enableSmartCommit": true,
    "git.autofetch": true,

}
```

</details>

Now, let's install UV which is a Sigma python CLI 😎🗿

```pwsh
powershell -ExecutionPolicy ByPass -c "irm https://astral.sh/uv/install.ps1 | iex"
```

Then, let's get my komorebi setup.
Copy the `komorebi.json` file from this repo to your USER directory.

>[!CAUTION]
>The following feature is optional and may be unstable. Do it at your own risk.

Hide some windows title bars: 
Run the following: 

```pwsh
# Damn ChatGPT made the script!

autohotkey /script C:\Users\<YOUR_USER_NAME>\.config\Hide.ahk
```

This hotkey works when you press Ctrl+Alt+T.
If you want to restore the window, Ctrl+Alt+R
